Description
The Dullers is a stick-like physical ominous entity which is said to be made out of wires from the ceiling of level 0 and is extremely hostile towards wanderers and other entities. Its preferred habitat is level 0 inside of dark wired area's. They appear to be scarily humanoid in appearance. Not much is known about Dullers, other than that it is an extremely hostile entity towards anything that moves. They appear dark gray and humanoid-like, but they portray 2 features that are considered inhumane and too alien. A close encounter with Dullers is considered to be highly dangerous and can result in the victim being killed or worse. Not only are they aggressively fast, they will aggressively chase down their prey but may get tired after a while. As long as you steer away from them and not make a sound they are Essentially Harmless as they are blind but can still sense its victims movements.

Behaviors
They Generally stay inside of dark wired areas, However, they very rarely at times come out and search for prey. When hunting they will leave behind writings on the walls. According to Wanderer's, messaging they leave behind is written in scratches on the wall by saying "Don't move Stay still" Or "Don't move! These messages imply that Dullers is nearby. It is very easy to spot Dullers upon sight the entity does not seem to attack due to its blindness but once the victim moves the entity will chase after the victim due to the victim's sounds. No one knows what happens to victims when Entity 1 catches them as it is implied unknown, and too horrible to be said. Entity 1 is also said to have killed other entities such as hounds, Deathmoths, skin-stealers, smilers, and even partygoers, For some unknown reason it does not seem to attack dullers or transporters.

Biology
Tall, Grey, Humanoid-like, Wired skeletal Structure, With long sharp teeth in the center of its mouth. they have long wired arms with sharp wired claws, which have been theorized to tear apart their prey but it's not confirmed. Their stance is very eerie, and their walking motion is very human-like. These Entities are Very hostile. They can run at extremely fast speeds, they do however appear to be tired after a while of running.

Discovery
One of the earliest known video recordings of the Backrooms depicted a Wanderer running away from Dullers in an area with scratched writings in level 0. However since we don't currently know where the wired areas come from, we can't determine the origin of Dullers at this time.

Do's and don'ts
Do:
Keep direct eye contact with Dullers once seen
Do not run away or move as the entity is blind and may sense movements
Do not make any sound
Don't:
Run away once you see one
Move around the area
Attempt to come in contact
